A Series Circuit Breakers
Carling Technologies A Series Circuit Breakers are compact, temperature stable hydraulic magnetic circuit breakers designed for precision operation in OEM markets requiring general purpose and full load amp applications. The visi-rocker or paddle actuators offer a clean, contemporary design for front panel operations.
Manufacturer:Carling Technologies
Product Category:Circuit Breakers
RoHS: Details
Series:A
Product:A-Series Hydraulic Magnetic Circuit Breakers
Type:A-Series Hydraulic Magnetic Circuit Breakers
Current Rating:30 A
Voltage Rating AC:277 VAC
Voltage Rating DC:80 VDC
Number of Poles:2 Pole
Actuator Type:Handle
Minimum Operating Temperature:- 40 C
Maximum Operating Temperature:+ 85 C
Illuminated:Not Illuminated
Height:50.8 mm
Length:41.66 mm
Termination Style:Screw
Voltage Rating:12 VDC, 120 VAC
Width:19.18 mm
Brand:Carling Technologies
Mounting Style:Threaded
Factory Pack Quantity:1
Subcategory:Circuit Breakers
Well known for their proven reliability, Carling Technologies’ A-Series hydraulic magnetic circuit breakers are
compact, temperature stable and designed for precision operation in OEM markets requiring general purpose
as well as full load amp applications. When front panel operation and aesthetics demand a clean, contemporary
design, the visi-rocker or paddle actuators are ideally suitable. A sealed toggle actuator style is also available and
ideal for harsh environment applications requiring additional sealing protection. Optional rocker-guard and pushto-reset bezels, which help prevent inadvertent actuation, are also available.
Product Highlights:
•	 Up to 50 amps in a compact size
•	 Various actuator styles
•	 Sealed metal toggle option tested to
	 MIL-PRF-55629C. Meets IP68
	 Requirements
Typical Applications:
•	 Telecom / Datacom
•	 Marine
•	 Military
•	 Renewable Energy
•	 Generators & Welder
One, two and three pole thermal-magnetic circuit breakers with tripfree
mechanism and toggle actuation (S-type TM CBE to EN 60934/IEC
934). Designed for panel or plug-in mounting. Available with auxiliary
contacts (1 x N/O, 1 x N/C) for status signalling. Two and three pole
models are internally linked to ensure that both/all poles trip in the
event of an overload on one pole, even if the actuator is held in the ON
position. A choice of characteristic curves further extends the range
of applications possibilities for these CBEs. Special auxiliary contact
versions for industrial atmosphere and low voltages (e. g. 5 V) available
on request.
Approved to CBE standard EN 60934 (IEC 60934).
Suitable for use in distribution rails – see section Power Distribution
Systems.
Thermal-Magnetic Circuit Breaker
Process control equipment, robotics, machine tool control, communications
systems, instrumentation, rail vehicles. Special versions, e.g. for aggressive
environmental conditions and low voltages (e. g. 5 V) on request
Manufacturer:E-T-A Circuit Breakers
Product Category:Circuit Breakers
RoHS: Details
Series:2210-S2
Product:Circuit Breakers
Type:Thermal Magnetic Circuit Breaker
Current Rating:4 A
Voltage Rating AC:433 VAC
Voltage Rating DC:65 VDC
Number of Poles:1 Pole
Actuator Type:Toggle
Minimum Operating Temperature:- 30 C
Maximum Operating Temperature:+ 60 C
Illuminated:Not Illuminated
Height:78.5 mm
Length:50 mm
Termination Style:Quick Connect
Voltage Rating:433 VAC, 65 VDC
Width:10.99 mm
Brand:E-T-A
Mounting Style:Panel Mount
Subcategory:Circuit Breakers
Manufacturer:Neutrik
Product Category:XLR Connectors
RoHS: Details
Product:Connectors
Standard:Standard XLR
Number of Positions:3 Position
Gender:Female
Termination Style:Solder Cup
Mounting Style:Panel
Contact Plating:Gold
Orientation:Straight
Contact Material:Brass
Voltage Rating:50 V
Current Rating:16 A
Series:X
Color:Black
Packaging:Bulk
Brand:Neutrik
Mating Cycles:1000 Cycle
Product Type:XLR Connectors
Factory Pack Quantity:250
Subcategory:Audio & Video Connectors
Unit Weight:0.546746 oz
XLR Cable Connectors
Neutrik XLR Cable Connectors are the most well known series of products manufactured by Neutrik, and have provided the professional audio industry a simple, yet striking, concept in connector features. Today it is the accepted standard worldwide. XLR connectors are part of almost every aspect of professional audio; as a microphone connector, in lighting systems, and found in almost any piece of sound equipment in the entertainment industry. The outstanding success of our XLR products is Neutrik’s blend of innovation with the highest quality performance.


True Outdoor Protection (TOP) Connectors
Neutrik True Outdoor Protection (TOP) Connectors feature an IP65 rating, are UV resistant certified according to UL50E, and are ideal for wet locations and outdoor applications. The TOP connectors include the powerCON® TRUE1®, etherCON®, and XLR series. These ruggedized, sealed connectors protect from dust, moisture, water, and sunlight. Neutrik True Outdoor Protection Connectors meet IEC 61076-2-103, IEC 60320-1, UL 1977, and UL 498 standards.


XLR TOP Heavy Duty Sealed Connectors
Neutrik XLR TOP Connectors are a range of heavy-duty sealed connectors that includes 3- and 5-pin chassis and cable types. Neutrik XLR TOP male and female chassis connectors are made of high-impact UV resistant materials per UL. The connectors maintain water tightness to IP65 in mated or unmated conditions. The cable connectors feature the same outstanding bushing design as the etherCON TOP cable connectors.
Manufacturer:Neutrik
Product Category:XLR Connectors
RoHS: Details
Product:Connectors
Standard:Standard XLR
Number of Positions:3 Position
Gender:Male
Termination Style:Solder Cup
Mounting Style:Cable
Contact Plating:Gold
Orientation:Straight
Contact Material:Brass
Voltage Rating:50 V
Current Rating:16 A
Series:X
Color:Black
Packaging:Bulk
Brand:Neutrik
Mating Cycles:1000 Cycle
Product Type:XLR Connectors
Factory Pack Quantity:250
Subcategory:Audio & Video Connectors
Unit Weight:1.069859 oz
XLR Cable Connectors
Neutrik XLR Cable Connectors are the most well known series of products manufactured by Neutrik, and have provided the professional audio industry a simple, yet striking, concept in connector features. Today it is the accepted standard worldwide. XLR connectors are part of almost every aspect of professional audio; as a microphone connector, in lighting systems, and found in almost any piece of sound equipment in the entertainment industry. The outstanding success of our XLR products is Neutrik’s blend of innovation with the highest quality performance.


True Outdoor Protection (TOP) Connectors
Neutrik True Outdoor Protection (TOP) Connectors feature an IP65 rating, are UV resistant certified according to UL50E, and are ideal for wet locations and outdoor applications. The TOP connectors include the powerCON® TRUE1®, etherCON®, and XLR series. These ruggedized, sealed connectors protect from dust, moisture, water, and sunlight. Neutrik True Outdoor Protection Connectors meet IEC 61076-2-103, IEC 60320-1, UL 1977, and UL 498 standards.


XLR TOP Heavy Duty Sealed Connectors
Neutrik XLR TOP Connectors are a range of heavy-duty sealed connectors that includes 3- and 5-pin chassis and cable types. Neutrik XLR TOP male and female chassis connectors are made of high-impact UV resistant materials per UL. The connectors maintain water tightness to IP65 in mated or unmated conditions. The cable connectors feature the same outstanding bushing design as the etherCON TOP cable connectors.
Manufacturer:PUI Audio
Product Category:Microphones
Impedance:680 Ohm
Current Rating:0.5 mA
Sensitivity:- 47 dB
Termination Style:Solder Pads
Diameter:9.7 mm
Length:60 mm
Depth:5 mm
Operating Supply Voltage:10 V
Brand:PUI Audio
Product Type:Microphones
Subcategory:Audio Devices
Manufacturer:Knowles
Product Category:MEMS Microphones
RoHS: Details
Series:SPH
Sensitivity:- 38 dB
SNR - Signal to Noise Ratio:65 dB
Operating Supply Current:145 uA
Minimum Operating Temperature:- 40 C
Maximum Operating Temperature:+ 100 C
Output Type:Digital
Port Type:Bottom
Length:3.5 mm
Width:2.65 mm
Packaging:Cut Tape
Packaging:MouseReel
Packaging:Reel
Directional Properties:Omnidirectional
Termination Style:SMD/SMT
Brand:Knowles Syfer
Mounting Style:SMD/SMT
Shape:Rectangular
Product Type:MEMS Microphones
Factory Pack Quantity:5900
Subcategory:Microphones
Supply Voltage - Max:3.6 V
Supply Voltage - Min:1.5 V
Tradename:SiSonic
SP SiSonic™ MEMS Silicon Microphones
Knowles SP Series SiSonic™ MEMS Silicon Microphones are high-performance, low power, top port silicon, digital miniature microphones. These digital microphones use SiSonic MEMS technology and consist of an acoustic sensor, a low noise input buffer, and either a sigma-delta modulator or output amplifier. Design variables include ever-smaller sizes, lower profiles and mounting options, increased output capacities, and new digital audio options that eliminate analog noise. Suitable applications include cellphones, smart phones, laptop computers, sensors, digital still cameras, portable music recorders, and other portable electronic devices where wideband audio performance and RF immunity are needed.
HIGH SNR SUPPORT BOTTOM PORT
SISONIC™ MICROPHONE
Manufacturer:Storm Interface
Product Category:Audio Modules
RoHS: Details
Product:Audio CODECs
Operating Supply Voltage:5 V
Maximum Operating Temperature:+ 70 C
Dimensions:109 mm x 50 mm x 25 mm
Series:AudioComm
Brand:Storm Interface
Minimum Operating Temperature:- 20 C
Product Type:Audio Modules
Subcategory:Embedded Solutions
Part # Aliases:AT02-43001
The following information is not a certification, merely a statement describing information obtained from the producer. Only the manufacturer is able to certify their product to environmental laws.
Environmental Laws restrict the use of certain hazardous substances. “RoHS: Compliant” addresses the laws transposed from the European Union directive 2011/65/EU known as the RoHS Directive.

The RoHS Compliance of any product so designated is based upon evidence from the producer (manufacturer) that the part number is in compliance with the RoHS Directive. Mouser Electronics has taken all reasonable steps to confirm producers' statements and other evidence regarding the absence of the restricted substances to support the manufacturers' claim of compliance.
To the best of our knowledge the below referenced part is RoHS compliant per the producer’s documentation.

Date:	10/17/2019
Mouser Part #:	491-AT02-430016
Mfr.'s Part #:	AT02-430016
Mfr.:	Storm Interface
Description:	Audio Modules AudioComm Microphone Module (Vertical, Silver)
This information is valid when RoHS Compliance is indicated on your packing list from Mouser Electronics, Inc.

Chuck Amsden
ADA compliant sound processor and headset
interface for audible and speech communication.
The AudioComm Module is an accessible interface device
providing high quality audio output to personal headsets,
handsets or assistive hearing devices. It also features voice over
USB capability via a headset microphone.
Ideal for use with audible system navigation and voice
activated applications, this device delivers clear, two way, audio
communications in either high or low ambient noise conditions.
It is robust and weather sealed for use in exposed public
environments. Integral illumination of the headset jack socket and
sound volume controls assist users with partial sight to locate the
AudioComm Module. Embossed symbols (idents) make tactile
location and identification of
the headset jack socket and
volume controls easier for
blind users. Control switches
are designed to enable
operation with headsticks
and other assistive styli.
USB key-press codes can be changed or re-assigned
using the Device Utility Software and API
(available for download at storm-interface.com).
• Default illumination status and device ‘wake-up’
behaviour can be configured via the Device Utility
Software and API.
• Intensity of the integral backlighting can be
adjusted or turned off when not in use via the
Device Utility Software and API.
• Headset connection is detected via a tip switch
located in the jack plug socket.
• Weather resistant construction for outdoor use.
• Impact and abuse resistant.
• The AudioComm Module is connected to the host
system via a single USB cable (supplied separately).
No additional drivers required.
Manufacturer:Neutrik
Product Category:Audio Modules
RoHS: Details
Product:Adapters
Interface Type:Ethernet
Maximum Operating Temperature:+ 70 C
Dimensions:164 mm x 82 mm x 51 mm
Packaging:Bulk
Brand:Neutrik
Minimum Operating Temperature:- 5 C
Product Type:Audio Modules
Factory Pack Quantity:1
Subcategory:Embedded Solutions
Tradename:Dante Interface
NA2-IO-DLINE Line I/O to Dante® Interface
Neutrik NA2-IO-DLINE Line I/O to Dante® Interface connects legacy audio equipment to the Dante world. NA2-IO-DLINE is an end-of-network breakout box that allows two channels of audio to be integrated into a Dante network. NA2-IO-DLINE simultaneously converts a Dante stream into analog audio signals. This device can be used to feed analog audio signals into the Dante network while at the same time receiving a mix from another Dante source. NA2-IO-DLINE is designed for harsh stage conditions. NA2-IO-DLINE features lockable chassis connectors for both the audio and network connections. For fixed installations, the rubber protection can be removed. With optional mounting brackets or a rack panel, the box can be mounted below tables, in floor boxes, or in equipment racks.
1 About this document
This user manual provides an overview of the necessary operation steps and settings on the product.
1.1 Significance of the user manual
This user manual is an integral component of the product and part of the product's safety
concept.
T Make sure that all persons who work with the product have fully read and also
understood this user manual.
T Observe all instructions exactly, especially the safety instructions.
This user manual contains important information for safely and properly operating the
product.
T Keep this user manual in the immediate vicinity of the product so personnel have access
to it at all times.
T Pass this user manual on to every user, e.g., by lending it, or to the future owner of the product.
T If this user manual is lost or damaged, a copy of it can be downloaded from the Neutrik's
website (www.neutrik.com).
1.2 Designations
Designation Explanation
DanteTM adapter DanteTM adapter NA2-IO-DLINE; to create the easy-to-read texts, the
device is hereinafter referred to as DanteTM adapter.
DanteTM audio
networking
DanteTM audio networking (hereinafter referred to as DanteTM) DanteTM
stands for Digital Audio Network Through Ethernet and is an audio
network protocol developed by the Australian company Audinate. DanteTM
delivers uncompressed, multichannel, low-latency digital audio over a
standard Ethernet network using Layer 3 IP packets.
PoE Power over Ethernet; the device is supplied with power via the network
connection.
Peripheral devices All devices that can be connected to the DanteTM adapter: audio sources
(transmitters) and audio sinks (receivers)
Audio source All devices that emit an audio signal
Audio sink All devices that receiv
 Description of product
3.1 What is the DanteTM adapter?
The DanteTM adapter is an end-of-network device. It is a breakout box which allows two channels of
audio to be integrated into a Dante™ network. Simultaneously, DanteTM adapter converts a Dante™
stream into analog audio signals. Hence, it is possible to use this tiny box to feed analog audio signals
into the Dante™ network while at the same time receiving a mix from another Dante™ source.
The DanteTM adapter is designed for harsh stage conditions. It therefore features lockable chassis connectors for both the audio and network connections. For fixed installations, the rubber protection
can be removed. With optional mounting brackets or a rack panel, the box can be mounted below
tables, in floor boxes, or in equipment racks
4.1 Preparations
T Unpacking the DanteTM adapter.
T Save packaging for later transport and storage.
T Check the packaging and DanteTM adapter for visible damage.
T When visible damage to the packaging and/or delivered parts is detected:
Contact the salesperson or Neutrik sales partner.
T Do not use damaged devices under any circumstances.
4.2 Connecting devices with the DanteTM adapter
The DanteTM adapter can be connected to a DanteTM network via a standard 100 Mb/s twisted-pair
Ethernet cable (CAT5e). This individual connection is responsible for the data transfer as well as for
the power supply. Depending on the cable length and shield, we do not recommend installing cables
parallel to power supply lines.
The DanteTM adapter requires a switch that supports PoE (48 V). If a switch without
PoE support is available, a PoE injector (compatible with 802.3af or 802.3at) must be
connected in series.
w NOTICE
Device damage due to a non-compliant PoE injector!
Non-compliant PoE injectors can damage the DanteTM adapter. The warranty is invalidated in this
case.
T Only use a PoE injector that complies with IEEE 802.3af or 802.3at.
T Connect the device depending on the desired
application.
e.g. audio source for LINE IN, audio sink for LINE OUT.
T Connect the DanteTM adapter to the PoE switch using a
network cable.
T If the switch does not support PoE:
Use a PoE injector.
 LEDs light up once the DanteTM adapter is supplied with
power via the switch or the PoE injector.
 The DanteTM adapter is ready for operation.
 Set up the desired audio connection with the "DanteTM
controller" software.
